README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Configure for GitHub Pages deployment

README.md, after:

# Personal Website

This is my personal website built with Next.js and deployed on GitHub Pages.

## Development

To run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Building for GitHub Pages

To build the site for GitHub Pages:

```bash
npm run build
```

The static files will be generated in the `out` directory.

## Deployment

This site is automatically deployed to GitHub Pages via GitHub Actions. The workflow:

1. Builds the Next.js application
2. Exports static files to the `out` directory
3. Deploys to GitHub Pages

## GitHub Pages Configuration

- The site is configured for static export with `output: 'export'` in `next.config.ts`
- Images are set to `unoptimized: true` for static export compatibility
- The base path is set to `/personal_website` for production builds
- A `.nojekyll` file is included to prevent Jekyll processing

## Local Development vs Production

- Local development uses the standard Next.js dev server
- Production builds include the repository name in the base path for GitHub Pages
